I think you are an excellent storyteller.
Sometimes I envy how witty you can be.
You are definitely one of the top 5 KPOP cover dancers in Calgary, Alberta.
You are the second best KPOP cover dancer in NW Calgary.
I genuinely did think you had a good chance with Owen.
You can be very unintentionally funny at times.
I would have cheered for you over Charlene in your talent show.
You are one of the most hardworking people I know.
Even after all the verbal abuse, I still think you’re instinctively the nicest person I’ve ever met.
If I ever have kids I want them to turn out exactly like you.
You have an ethereal glow to you when you’re performing sometimes.
Your parents did a fantastic job raising you.
You are very easy to be proud of. Your parents must absolutely adore you.
You are fun to be around.
You are the most attractive trans person I’ve met.
You have surprisingly good music taste.
I am genuinely impressed by your piano skills. I would have loved to see you sight read more songs.
I find it so endearing how much you love your family. I wish I had a sibling like you.
There are some traits you have that I wish I had as well.
I enjoy listening to your take on things.
I’ve always thought you had a lot of idol potential.
You’ve introduced me to the best ice cream flavour.
I don’t think you look as bad as you think with your hair up.
Your presence can have a genuine comfort to the people in your life.
Just wanted to say thank you for everything you’ve ever done for me.
I don't think I can imagine the group without you in it.
It must be so hard for you to pretend you’re not better than everyone else.
That scorpion kick you like doing is the best dance move I’ve seen in my life. No sarcasm at all.
I’ve always admired how you're able to appreciate the little things in the world. Mountains, stars, the moon, sunsets. I hope that never changes.
You are one of the only people I can confide in.
I've always found you consistently reliable.
You have great skin.
Despite how hard you try to act nonchalant, I've always thought you carried an uplifting vibe that spreads to people around you.
You are the first person I go to for insight.
You are an okay driver.
You actually have become a much better performer since the 8teenz days.
You do not have a trans voice at all.
Thinking about things to boost your ego was actually very easy.
You are not balding at all.
You actually have a very good fashion sense when you try.
You are definitely a better Yeosang than Dawn.
My life wouldn’t be the same without you.
You have better photography skills than me.
You are surprisingly good at drawing.
I was genuinely devastated when I lost the bookmark you gave me.
You are so much better than Dawn.
I've never had to worry about being in any team with you because I know you'll work hard to pull through.
You are surprisingly a good listener.
Your memory actually isn’t as bad as I say it is.
Your family is very fortunate to have you as their supportive rock.
You are the favourite Chu in the household.
You had a better chance with Owen than Katie.
You are SO humble.
You actually do have really good movie takes, I just say you don't because it's funny when you're mad.
Your customer service voice makes you sound like Cinderella.
You are the quickest Boba barista in Calgary.
I like hanging out with you because of how in love you seem to be with the world.
I am sure Matteo regrets the break up.
The way you tell stories makes things more exciting than it is.
You don’t like people venting to you but you’ve been playing therapist since elementary. What a saint
Good Thins are actually very good.
I don't think I would have found Chris James without you.
I would have loved to join you on the buddy bench.
If we went to kindergarten together, I'd hang my coat next to yours and share my lunch with you.
I've always liked how you could notice things I couldn't.
Thank you for offering me grapes.
It genuinely still surprises me with how much dissonance there is between who you are and who you present as yourself.
Thank you for all the cut up fruits you've given me over the last year. Very yummy.
The greatest contribution you have in my life is helping me find Sugar Rush. I still play it when I don't feel so bright.
You mog Katie for sure.
I don't have to pretend to be interested in what you say as much as I do for others.
I hope you've become much happier in UBC.
I copy the gestures you've made towards me and do it to other people.
I used to pray to God for a friend like you.
The scar under your right eye is not noticeable at all.
You're definitely a better dancer than Charlene.
