You often forget which stories you’ve already told me, and sometimes I pretend I’m hearing them for the first time so you don’t feel stupid.
You have a distinctly Bath and Bodyworks smell.
Kyle Tomaro is a better KPOP male group cover dancer than you.
I would have also only cheered for Charlene.
Nick was right to push you off the playground.
How does it feel knowing Christian doesn’t think you’re cool?
Go Big or Go Home is still one of the worst ENHYPEN choreographies.
Your hairline is retreating.
You have a trans voice.
In certain angles I can see the outline of your eyeballs and it can be spooky at times.
You’ve ruined a lot of good songs.
Driving fast doesn't make you a good driver.
I used to think you had a very good eye for fashion. “Used to” meaning it is in the past tense
You can never predict anything right.
The mysterious aura you try to put out doesn’t work.
When I first found out you were straight I was actually very disappointed.
Kyle Tomaro is a better driver than you.
You can be censorious sometimes.
I do not understand how Thomas is so nasty when you never take him out of the house.
Your paddington keychain being dirty makes me think you just have nasty hands all the time.
Dawn was a better Yeosang than you. Just kidding don’t kill me.
You sleep with your mouth open.
Fat green grapes aren’t that good tbh.
Your eyes disappear when you’re laughing.
I just want to make you aware how often you contradict yourself. Nothing you tell me has weight because your opinion is always changing.
When you put your hair up, your head and hair makes the shape of a gen 1 AirPod.
You get winded on a leisurely stroll. Fatass
Clean your room
Kyle Tomaro has better music taste than you.
You are a terrible cook.
You skip when you’re happy. Loser
You have the most un-athletic sprint I’ve ever seen
That scorpion kick you keep doing isn’t that impressive tbh. Calm yourself
Sometimes you draw my attention to the most average view and I have to pretend it’s much more grand than it is so you don’t feel stupid.
Harry Potter really wasn’t that good.
You are the whitest asian I know.
I’m sure those family vlogs you made were trash.
I can always recognize your handwriting because of how terrible it is.
I would not have joined you on the buddy bench.
You skate like Terry Fox runs
You close your eyes during kissing scenes lmfao. Nerd
You call your mom “mummy”. What a geek
Racist.
You laugh like a car alarm.
You try to hide it, but I know you're a horse girl.
Your X.O. cover
You steal all my good playlist songs.
Dawn has more culture than you.
You made a dance account just to upload 1 video.
You can’t eat hazelnuts. Loser
You liking Good Thins is the least white thing about you.
You took steroids as a baby and you’re still shorter than me.
How many points did you score in your school basketball team?
How you got into your school debate team is the most mysterious thing about you.
You wear socks when we go rafting. nerd
You have an autistic fixation on toes and texture. Freak
Thinking about things to say to humble you was actually very easy.
Do you know people can see the reels you like on Instagram? I've seen a lot of them buddy. So many poems.
Your mom paid me $5 to be friends with you.
You just don’t like Dawn because you’re afraid you have similar traits.
You have shit memory.
Happy Pride Month!
Your laugh sounds like the noise my dog makes when he's about to puke.
I knew I could get away only writing 10 messages because I know you’ll forget them as soon as they disappear.
You are narcissistic.
Your favourite feature being people’s eyes is only because you can see your reflection in them.
You’re the best volleyball player I’ve seen.
La La Land really isn’t that good tbh.
You have a deeper voice than Romi.
I am sure Matteo was ecstatic about the break up
My brother in law is white and his salad tastes more ethnic than yours
You hate tiramisu but like the tiramisu flavour. Absolute hypocrite
You don’t like brown people
For someone who says they don’t like attention, you sure remember every time you didn’t get it.
You’re not the main character
Imagine liking Shark Tale
Not liking onions isn’t a personality
Imagine crying during Wild Robot
Imagine getting paid $25 to make friends and saying you don’t like transactional relationships.
Imagine being a Lauv stan.
When I was reading "Almond", I imagined you as the main character because you both have the same autistic characteristics.
Imagine only knowing one language.
Imagine crying in front of a piano.
I am actually in uni district very often. I just do not enter the alley when you're there.
You are one of the reasons I actively avoid McDonalds.
The difference between your customer service and your real voice is like Anna and Kristoff.
My car seats still have white stains from your sunblock and your ashy skin.
Katie lowkey mogs you.
Whenever I look at you, my eyes initially go straight to the massive ugly scar under your right eye.
Imagine twirling in the kitchen and busting your lip. lmfao loser.
Your dead dogs have forgettable names.
You're my most racist friend